StudyFetch Technical Assignment
Senior Fullstack Software Engineer

DO NOT TURN IN AN INCOMPLETE OR NOT FUNCTIONAL PROJECT. IT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY DISQUALIFIED.
Similar projects to this are done on the job on a weekly basis solo. If you are unable to complete this independently, you will not be able to perform on the job. 
https://www.studyfetch.com/enterprise/mission

Project Overview
Create an AI tutor that helps students understand PDF documents through an interactive split-screen interface. Users should be able to chat with the AI (via text or voice) about the document while the AI can highlight and annotate relevant parts of the PDF in real-time.
Technical Stack
Next.js 14+ (App Router)
Prisma with PostgreSQL or MongoDB
Choice of LLM provider (OpenAI, Google, etc.) ai-sdk from vercel is helpful
Choice of Speech-to-Text/Text-to-Speech API (or use the browsers)
Tailwind CSS for styling
Core Features
Authentication
Simple email/password signup and login
User session management
No complex permissions needed
PDF Viewer
Split-screen layout with PDF view and chat
PDF upload and storage
Basic PDF navigation (page turning)
Ability for the LLM to highlight and annotate the PDF as its chatting with the user. 
AI Tutor Integration
Real-time chat interface
Voice input/output capability
Chat history persistence
AI can reference and control PDF viewing like changing the page or referencing a piece of text with a page number
AI can highlight/circle important content in the PDF
Context-aware responses based on PDF content
Database Integration
Store user data and chat history
Save PDF metadata and be able to relaunch the pdf
Track conversation context

Example User Experience:
User will create an account or login to the site with an email / password
Users can upload a PDF document to begin the chat with the tutor. 
The PDF will load in and be visible in a split screen with a chat and the pdf
The user can ask questions to the chat, e.g. for a biology presentation, “What is a virus”
The chat will be able to navigate to appropriate pages, source the page #, and draw things on the PDF to highlight the appropriate text or image for e.g. a navigate to the page which explains what a virus is, and draw a circle around appropriate virus text or an image of the virus. 
Users can close the browser window and reopen to see their chat history with the LLM and the PDF still there. 
Deliverables
GitHub repository with:
Complete source code
Setup instructions
.env.example file
Basic documentation
Deployed public demo on vercel to access remotely that works and hits all of the core features
Send completed deliverables to marelle@studyfetch.com
Helpful Resources
Prisma Documentation: https://www.prisma.io/docs/
Vercel AI SDK: https://sdk.vercel.ai/docs
Various LLM Provider Docs:
OpenAI: https://platform.openai.com/docs
Google AI: https://ai.google.dev/api/multimodal-live
Notes
The key challenge is implementing the AI's ability to highlight and annotate PDFs
Focus on making the voice interaction smooth and natural
Keep the UI clean and intuitive, make this a product you would ship as a developer at studyfetch.
Make it something you'd want to use yourself
We'll use this to evaluate your technical skills and problem-solving ability!


